add b905: require strict= argument to zip() (#314)
PyCQA/flake8-bugbear: README.rst

See `the exception chaining tutorial <https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/errors.html#exception-chaining>`_
for details.

> **B905**: `zip()` without an explicit `strict=` parameter. Added with python3.10, so don't enable this flag for code that should work on previous versions. https://peps.python.org/pep-0618/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**B905**: `zip()` without an explicit `strict=` parameter set. `strict=True` causes the resulting iterator will raise a `ValueError` if the arguments are exhausted at differing lengths. This was added with python3.10 so don't enable this flag for code that should work on <3.10. For more information: https://peps.python.org/pep-0618/
```
